chore: discuss alternative `calc` syntax in `RELEASES.md` (#2124)
leanprover/lean4: RELEASES.md

Unreleased
---------

* [make `calc` require the sequence of relation/proof-s to have the same indentation](https://github.com/leanprover/lean4/pull/1844),

>   and [add `calc` alternative syntax allowing underscores `_` in the first relation](https://github.com/leanprover/lean4/pull/1844)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  and [add `calc` alternative syntax allowing underscores `_` in the first relation](https://github.com/leanprover/lean4/pull/1844).
```

>   the flexible indentation in `calc` was often used to align relations/proofs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The flexible indentation in `calc` was often used to align the relation symbols:
```
Nothing really changed about the proofs.

  ```lean
  example (x y : Nat) : (x + y) * (x + y) = x * x + y * x + x * y + y * y :=
    calc
        (x + y) * (x + y) = (x + y) * x + (x + y) * y       := by rw [Nat.mul_add]
                        -- improper indentation
                        _ = x * x + y * x + (x + y) * y     := by rw [Nat.add_mul]
                        _ = x * x + y * x + (x * y + y * y) := by rw [Nat.add_mul]
                        _ = x * x + y * x + x * y + y * y   := by rw [←Nat.add_assoc]
  ```

>   this is no longer legal, but the alternative syntax accomplishes essentially the same goal with proper indentation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This is no longer legal.  The new syntax puts the first term right after the `calc` and each step has the same indentation:
```

Author: The first term does not need to be right after the `calc`, at least not in the same line. For instance:

```
calc
  <expr>_0 
  '_' 'op_1' <expr>_1 ':=' <proof>_1
  '_' 'op_2' <expr>_2 ':=' <proof>_2
  ...
  '_' 'op_n' <expr>_n ':=' <proof>_n
```

Author: Yeah ideally we would have a formatter standardizing the whole thing. I would prefer having the expression right after the `calc` but if it's a long expression it might make sense to newline it.

In any case I'm fine with the change you propose, it's just that it sounds like it is mandatory
